the pace car has pulled off the
racetrack and we're set to go 400 miles
here at Michigan International Speedway
we're glad you could join us there's the
green of the
rowspan up in the second quarter heavy
heavy contact
flame coming from one of the cars major
incident here in turn number two on the
very first lap of competition there is
dick trickles car
on the right front corner
he's trying to make it however back to
the pit area it is still moving there
are other cars however at the bottom the
racetrack over by turn tunes that have
not yet restarted let's take a look at
it once again as they came down for the
green flag to begin our race here this
afternoon of course they were all
running side by side as they got the
green flag and even as they went into
turn one
see a couple up get three abreast is to
go into the turn back in the pack Bob
and there's Morgan Shepherd nipping way
down to the inside on the left side of
your screen let's see if anything
happens there there's Billy standards in
the 47 car he gets tagged just a little
bit by Derrick open both those cars spin
coke goes around standards goes around
Jeff Burton comes along catches the
sandwich car he goes up the racetrack
Lake speed fair that gets by and look at
deck is that I believe that's Bobby
Hillin isn't it in car 44 the car got up
on its side it did not go over side for
quite a number of feet
and we hope everybody is okay there is
dick trickles car that has come to
arrest in the middle of the backstretch
and safety crews right here but you can
see that
public art and is okay
Jarrid also involved he has major
front-end damage and they're talking to
him we seem to win the net down that's a
signal that the driver gives to the
rescue workers that the car is okay
Bill Parcells involved in the accident
Harry melons car and you say Phil was
okay - he's moving around he has his
window net down as well
sickening fact that he is okay go to
someone else in my people hill and there
is the car and driver that we had the
greatest concern for because that car
almost turned over got up on its side
but the window that is down on that car
so apparently Bobby Hillin is okay
here's another replay now watching the
middle of the pack as two cars just
touch each other and start a chain
reaction once again that was Billy
Standridge and derrike cope and there we
see Helen go up the car almost sit down
on his rear bumper and we see several
other cars making contact back
that car almost went out of the ballpark
do you Morgan Shepherd was involved this
is from our robotic camera that would
see the cars coming on on the wall
Helen taking a wild ride up there in
turn two
and that's where he hit Dick Trickle as
he slid down the banking of the corner
look how high that car got it's a
miracle that it didn't go out of the
racetrack and Jeff Burton comes down and
just touches the blue car now trickle is
okay right here he's in the middle of
the racetrack thinking I'm going to get
by and then I'll Bobby Hillin they do
run across yes here's John Kernan Morgan
Shepherd he just pulled into the garage
area Morgan a lot of damage to the car
what happened well a couple cars got
together up in front of us and turned
sideways and I couldn't see nothing but
smoke and we just couldn't avoid it cars
pretty what we drove it in you guys
going to try and get it fixed get it
back out there I don't know how bad the
damage is I know the front end is not go
well we'll may try to get back out and
flex some points Morgan chamfered
obviously very disappointed he will
survey the damage the right front nose
is pushed in and you can see some of the
framework that holds the nose of the car
has been bent way down also the radiator
has been broken as you see more than any
written the crew trying to get the car
fixed and get it back out onto the
racetrack but they've got a lot of work
to do let's go out to Jerry punch on pit
road
well the straight-arrow team Bobby
Allison Motorsports working on Derek
cokes for Thunderbird not the gonna
debut
new sponsorship left-side bumper and
fender pushed in against the tire they
were trying to peel some that away
they're going to have to bring it back
in apparently you can see the damage
primarily just in front of the left rear
tire and your foot stand against a tire
I'm gonna bring you back in and try to
some of that metal away with an air
chisel you hear working in the
background Jimmy Finnick confident
derrike cope a driver looks to be okay
obviously the car aerodynamic side on
his town as it should be he will come
back hold control
so dairy coke hopefully can continue to
run in this race there the 47 car of
Billy standards that is being dragged
away by one of the wreckers and Dale
Jarrett's badly damaged car still at the
bottom of the racetrack in turn number
two where a seven car accident has put a
temporary halt to competition here at
Michigan International we'll be right
back
Oh